So now that you know how to write a script in vim, make it executable with chmod and run it.  You can
practice that whole workflow by making a brand new script.
So I'm just going to clear my screen here, and I want you to make a new script called debug.sh.
So do 'vim debug.sh'.  Press "i" once for Insert Mode. Write your
shebang.
[Musical singing] "Sha-baaaaaang!
Add a comment: 'this adds debug output to the script'
Now here's a new command 'set -x'
The 'set' command lets you set all sorts of different, you know, options and things you can do for your
terminal.
This 'x' basically turns on debug mode so you can see more output from your script when it runs.
And then type 'echo i can debug my script now'
Press escape once, type ":wq"
[Upbeat singing] "Colon w q!"
'chmod 755 debug.sh'
Then type './debug.sh'
So now, when you ran your script with that 'set -x', basically every line that's in your script
will print the line of code that you wrote and then its output as well.
So this little plus here is the line of code that's being run and then this is the actual output from
it.
So that's just a nice way to get to get the debug output onto your script.
So practice this once more, just type 'vim debug2.sh'
this time. 'vim debug2.sh'.  "i" for Insert Mode,  '#!/bin/bash'
add a comment
'set -x',
'echo debugging some more'
'echo another line'
Escape, ":wq"
'chmod 755 debug2.sh'
'./debug2.sh'
Mostly, that was just so you can get some more practice doing this workflow: the 'vim', the 'chmod'
and then './script.sh' to run your script.